Update docs for grafana-box settings filename (#5284)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/admin/webui/grafana-dashboard-box.adoc

To filter relevant dashboards, you can use a tag for dashboards and make them accessible.
If no tag is provided all dashboards from Grafana will be shown.

> The feature is configured by creating or editing the `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/opennms.properties.d/grafana.properties` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure this feature by creating or editing the `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/opennms.properties.d/grafana.properties` file.
```
